HANNAH NATHANSON
hannah.nathanson23@gmail.com | +447427468715 | London, UK
SUMMARY Master’s student at ULisboa studying Green Data Science. Conservationist and
educator with expertise in biodiversity management, bioinformatics and science
communication. Experienced in coordinating sustainable initiatives, conducting
ecological fieldwork, and fostering community engagement to address environmental
challenges. Dedicated to solving global environmental challenges through evidence-
based solutions and interdisciplinary approaches.
RELEVANT
EXPERIENCE
Information Assistant (Library) - Harrow Council
Delivery of educational and community programmes
Feb 2024 to July 2025
Biology Teacher - Whitmore High School
Sep 2020 to Aug 2023
Planned, taught, and assessed science lessons for students across KS3 to KS5
Leadership role - Environment and Recycling (2022 to 2023); managed a team,
hosted a guest speaker from UCL on sustainability, improved recycling systems,
and implemented a reusable water bottle policy for all students
Deputy Warden - Harrow Nature Conservation Forum (HNCF)
June to Dec 2021
Collaborated with a biodiversity officer to manage a Site of Special Scientific
Interest (SSSI), ensuring conservation goals were met.
Coordinated volunteer working parties, supervised site maintenance, addressed
hazards, and monitored the welfare of free-roaming cattle.
Research Assistant - Estación Biológica de Doñana, Spain
April to July 2018
Collated life history data on amphibian species for studies on phenotypic plasticity
Collected morphometric data on Spadefoot Toads (Pelobates cultripes)
Fieldwork to sample amphibian larvae at Doñana National Park.
Habitat Surveyor - Operation Wallacea, Indonesia
June to July 2017
Conducted surveys of 50m² habitat plots in lowland tropical rainforest to estimate
carbon value for a REDD+ funding application.
Coordinated and taught research protocols to volunteer groups on phylogenetic
applications, endemism, and habitat conservation.
Research Assistant - Operation Wallacea, Mexico
June to July 2015
Conducted biodiversity assessments using techniques such as mist netting (bats
and birds), herpetofauna scan and search, butterfly bait traps, habitat surveys, and
camera trap processing.
EDUCATION
Master’s of Green Data Science
Grade pending, currently studying
PGCE in Secondary Science with 16+ Enhancement
Graded Outstanding with Distinctions on Master’s theses
Bachelor’s of Science in Zoology
First Class Honours
Faculty Award for Best Dissertation on a Biology Topic
University of Lisboa
University of Exeter
Unversity of Reading
LANGUAGES English (Native) Spanish (B2) Catalan (A2) Portuguese (A1)
